Fixed broken link in CONTRIBUTING.md file. (#11649)
hashicorp/vagrant: .github/CONTRIBUTING.md

### Reporting an Issue

> **Tip:** We have provided a [GitHub issue template](https://github.com/hashicorp/vagrant/tree/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE). By respecting the proposed format and filling all the relevant sections, you'll strongly help the Vagrant collaborators to handle your request the best possible way.

Reviewer: We should still just be linking to the issue report, since this is what this section is about.

```suggestion
**Tip:** We have provided a [GitHub issue template](https://github.com/hashicorp/vagrant/blob/master/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/bug-report.md). By respecting the proposed format and filling all the relevant sections, you'll strongly help the Vagrant collaborators to handle your request the best possible way.
```
